Scheduler: add note about grouping resouces in agenda view (T1169012) (#5124)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Scheduler/040 Resources/030 Group Appointments by Resources.md

> To group appointments by resources, assign an array to the [groups](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxScheduler/1%20Configuration/groups.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#groups') property. Each element of this array is **fieldExpr** of a resource kind. Note that the resource headers order depends on the resources order in the [resources](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxScheduler/1%20Configuration/resources '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/resources/') array. The Scheduler does not support grouping resources by multiple data fields in the **agenda** view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To group appointments by resources, assign an array to the [groups](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxScheduler/1%20Configuration/groups.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#groups') property. Each element of this array is set to the **fieldExpr** property of a resource type. Note that the resource header order depends on the resource order in the [resources](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxScheduler/1%20Configuration/resources '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/resources/') array. The Scheduler does not support grouping resources by multiple data fields in the **agenda** view.
```

> To group appointments by resources, assign an array to the [groups](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxScheduler/1%20Configuration/groups.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#groups') property. Each element of this array is **fieldExpr** of a resource kind. Note that the resource headers' order depends on the resources' order in the [resources](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxScheduler/1%20Configuration/resources '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/resources/') array. The Scheduler does not support grouping resources by multiple data fields in the **agenda** view.

Reviewer: 1. "Each element of this array is **fieldExpr** of a resource kind."

What do you mean by "of a resource kind" in this context?

2. "Note that the resource headers' order depends on the resources' order in the [resources](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxScheduler/1%20Configuration/resources '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/resources/') array."

Please change:
"headers' order" to "header order"
"resources' order" to "resource order"

Author: Documentation tells us the following: "To group appointments by resources, assign an array to the **groups** property. Each element of this array is fieldExpr of a _resource kind_.

So you can see the _resource kind_ or _resource type_  in the the resources data:

var resources = [
    { fieldExpr: 'roomId', dataSource: roomsDataSource }, _// resource kind (or resource type)_
    { fieldExpr: 'teacherId', dataSource: teachersDataSource } _// resource kind (or resource type)_
];

Reviewer: Thanks for the clarification. Is there a difference between the resource kind and the resource type?

Author: No, it is the same in this case)

Reviewer: I see) I was wondering if "resource kind" is a commonly used technical term.
I searched the Microsoft documentation for the phrases "resource kind" and "resource type" to see which one they use. My search resulted in zero results for "resource kind", but "resource type" returned around 7 results.
If "resource type" is more widely used, can we go with this phrase instead?

Reviewer: Additionally, can we specify what **fieldExpr** is? For example, if it's a method, can we say:

`Each element of this array is a **fieldExpr** method of a resource type.`

Author: Yes

Author: My suggestion:
1) Each element of this array is set to the **fieldExpr** property of a resource type
or
2) Each element of this array used as the **fieldExpr** property value of a resource type

Reviewer: Thanks for the suggestions. I prefer option 1:

"Each element of this array is set to the **fieldExpr** property of a resource type."

---

> 

Reviewer: Please make the following change below:

Line 201:
"You can change resource headers' orientation in an individual view using..."

Please change "headers' orientation" to "header orientation".

Author: Done
